{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww19260\viewh11140\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs34 \cf0 Hi guys, I\'92m Lillyan. I\'92m a current member of the CS team as well as partial member of the electrical and business teams. Just from that, you can probably tell that I\'92ve been on a few sub teams. Part of the reason why I took on so many sub teams in the beginning was to become more integrated into the team because I really associated with EWH\'92s goal and because of that I now how a much better understanding of how different individual sub teams work, how they communicate with other teams, and then how EWH runs overall. So I think this understanding is really important to a team lead who\'92s focusing of continuing and growing their individual sub team\'92s as well as EWH\'92s progress and impact. I will be here both semesters next year, which I think is valuable because I think this is a role you grow into. And regardless of your experience, as a team lead you\'92re always iterating and learning how to be better at your role. \
\
I think the some of the important responsibilities of a sub team lead is to keep consistent communication with other sub teams as well as give a clear, organized break down of things to be done as a team as well as giving initiative to team members so that they can be fully engage in their task and see how it fits in with the larger project. I\'92ve really enjoyed being a part of EWH and so I plan to build upon this motivated community as a team lead. }